Dear Joao De Almeida,Thank you for joining the Global Ocean Acidification Observing Network (GOA-ON), a collaborative international network of more than 900 participants from 105 nations with a shared goal to increase global ocean acidification observing and research capacity.  This email serves as confirmation of your membership. As a GOA-ON member, you will receive regular newsletters and occasional emails with relevant information and updates from around the Network. Members are encouraged to explore the GOA-ON Data Portal and share information on their ocean acidification observations by completing this survey. When you signed up with GOA-ON, you indicated that you would like to join the North East Atlantic Hub. We will share your contact information with this regional hub’s co-chairs, and they will add you to their email list. Additionally, members are encouraged to join the Pier2Peer Mentorship Program, which matches senior researchers with early career scientists. Pier2Peer facilitates an exchange of expertise and provides a platform for international collaborations. If you are interested in participating in the Pier2Peer Program, please sign-up as a mentor or a mentee.   Finally, we invite you to participate in the GOA-ON Webinar Series, the Network's newest opportunity for collaboration and community building. This webinar series kicked off in September 2020 with Ocean Acidification Week 2020. The series will continue with presentations from the GOA-ON members approximately every 4-6 weeks. If you are interested in giving a 1 hour presentation (45 min talk + 15 min for questions), please send an email to the GOA-ON Secretariat (secretariat@goa-on.org). Please let me know if you have any questions or comments, and thank you again for your participation in this important work. Best regards,Kerri DobsonGOA-ON Secretariat--Kerri L. Dobson, PhDInternational and National Policy Fellow (2021 Knauss Fellow)NOAA Ocean Acidification Program1315 East-West Highway,Silver Spring, MD 20910614-620-9772"No water, no life. No blue, no green." - Dr. Sylvia Earle